Home.md, before:

Welcome to the sprints wiki!

## Current Sprint (Sprint 4 Q2 2018)
* [Sprint Board](https://github.com/mdn/sprints/wiki/Home/_edit#boards?milestones=Sprint%204%20Q2%202018%232018-06-26&repos=121649843,55001853,70901646,134759439,90252175,1352520,3311772,82040629,121278372,33677290,132630865) (requires [[ZenHub|ZenHub]])
* Per-repo milestones:
  - https://github.com/mdn/sprints/milestone/2

## Useful shortcuts to specific issues

* [All Epics](https://github.com/mdn/sprints/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+sort%3Aupdated-desc+label%3AEpic)
* [Epic Needing User Stories](https://github.com/mdn/sprints/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+sort%3Aupdated-desc+label%3AEpicNeedsUS)
* [Needs Acceptance Criteria](https://github.com/mdn/sprints/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+sort%3Aupdated-desc+label%3ANeedsAC)
* [Needs Confidence Estimate](https://github.com/mdn/sprints/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+sort%3Aupdated-desc+label%3ANeedsConf)
* [Needs Time Estimate](https://github.com/mdn/sprints/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+sort%3Aupdated-desc+label%3ANeedsTimeEst)

Commit message:

Added links to process docs and ZenHub extension at the top

Home.md, after:

Welcome to the sprints wiki!

For information about how the MDN team uses this repo, see the [process documentation on the Mozilla wiki](https://wiki.mozilla.org/Engagement/MDN_Durable_Team/Processes). To see what's going on here, install the [ZenHub extension](https://www.zenhub.com/extension) in your browser. 

## Current Sprint (Sprint 4 Q2 2018)
* [Sprint Board](https://github.com/mdn/sprints/wiki/Home/_edit#boards?milestones=Sprint%204%20Q2%202018%232018-06-26&repos=121649843,55001853,70901646,134759439,90252175,1352520,3311772,82040629,121278372,33677290,132630865) (requires [[ZenHub|ZenHub]])
* Per-repo milestones:
  - https://github.com/mdn/sprints/milestone/2

## Useful shortcuts to specific issues

* [All Epics](https://github.com/mdn/sprints/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+sort%3Aupdated-desc+label%3AEpic)
* [Epic Needing User Stories](https://github.com/mdn/sprints/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+sort%3Aupdated-desc+label%3AEpicNeedsUS)
* [Needs Acceptance Criteria](https://github.com/mdn/sprints/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+sort%3Aupdated-desc+label%3ANeedsAC)
* [Needs Confidence Estimate](https://github.com/mdn/sprints/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+sort%3Aupdated-desc+label%3ANeedsConf)
* [Needs Time Estimate](https://github.com/mdn/sprints/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+sort%3Aupdated-desc+label%3ANeedsTimeEst)
